For who has Andrew cooked the delicious Moroccan dinner, complete with a fried camel appetizer?
For whom has Andrew cooked the delicious Moroccan dinner, complete with a fried camel appetizer?
After a month of dating Aarav, Mahika decided that she wasn’t ready for a relationship with an entomologist who spent more time looking for bugs when they dined al fresco than listening to her stories about lacrosse exploits.
After a month of dating Aarav, Mahika decided that she wasn’t ready for a relationship with an entomologist whom spent more time looking for bugs when they dined al fresco than listening to her stories about lacrosse exploits.
Chini registered for European Literature, even though the professor was TBA. She prayed that she would not find herself in a classroom with Dr. Chandak, the one professor who no one can please.
Chini registered for European Literature, even though the professor was TBA. She prayed that she would not find herself in a classroom with Dr. Chandak, the one professor whom no one can please.
Who did you find to keep your obnoxious, stinky, loud poodle While you are in Spain?
Whom did you find to keep your obnoxious, stinky, loud poodle While you are in Spain?
Almira asked her fiancé Cesar to ride home with Anand, who their other friends would not trust with their own lives because of his poor driving record.
Almira asked her fiancé Cesar to ride home with Anand, whom their other friends would not trust with their own lives because of his poor driving record.
Rhea insisted that her appointment was with Aviral, the only stylist who she would trust with her luscious locks.
Rhea insisted that her appointment was with Aviral, the only stylist whom she would trust with her luscious locks.
Neha cringed when Dr. Rajwani paired her with Ryan, the one lab partner who no one can stand.
Neha cringed when Dr. Rajwani paired her with Ryan, the one lab partner whom no one can stand.
Abhilash gave a dozen vanilla-carrot cupcakes to his sweetheart Nisha, who declared them the most delicious treat that she had ever tasted.
Abhilash gave a dozen vanilla-carrot cupcakes to his sweetheart Nisha, whom declared them the most delicious treat that she had ever tasted.
Who ate the leftover lasagna? Everyone does knoW that Yash uses food to experiment With bugs for his entomology class, right?
Whom ate the leftover lasagna? Everyone does knoW that Yash uses food to experiment With bugs for his entomology class, right?
Mr. Mandala decided to fire Teja, the cashier who could never make correct change.
Mr. Mandala decided to fire Teja, the cashier whom could never make correct change.
Everyone at the gym stared at Keshav, who sang along at the top of his voice to the Brandi Carlisle songs on his iPhone.
Everyone at the gym stared at Keshav, whom sang along at the top of his voice to the Brandi Carlisle songs on his iPhone.
Mrs. Satish, who is paranoid about burglary, clutches her handbag so tightly that she has constant shoulder pain.
Mrs. Satish, whom is paranoid about burglary, clutches her handbag so tightly that she has constant shoulder pain.
When Abigail sat down in the computer lab, she cursed the previous user who left the keyboard sticky from a melted lollipop.
When Abigail sat down in the computer lab, she cursed the previous user whom left the keyboard sticky from a melted lollipop.
Adithya dreaded another soccer camp with Coach Cherukapalli, who insisted that players collapse on the field before she would give them permission to leave a practice early.
Adithya dreaded another soccer camp with Coach Cherukapalli, whom insisted that players collapse on the field before she would give them permission to leave a practice early.
Who else knoWs that Nehal lost all his hair When he neglected to folloW the package directions on the home perm kit?
Whom else knoWs that Nehal lost all his hair When he neglected to folloW the package directions on the home perm kit?
Although Dawson prefers Grandma’s company when gossiping at family picnics, his mother is the woman who he admires the most.
Although Dawson prefers Grandma’s company when gossiping at family picnics, his mother is the woman whom he admires the most.
Anvith contemplated his flattery options as he waited for Professor Kim, the teacher who might ruin Anvith's perfect 4.GPA.
Anvith contemplated his flattery options as he waited for Professor Kim, the teacher whom might ruin Anvith's perfect 4.GPA.
To who has Shivkar spilled the tea about Saara and Anish?
To whom has Shivkar spilled the tea about Saara and Anish?
Heba shook her head in disgust as another moronic driver yammering on a cell phone nearly steered into a pedestrian who the driver was too preoccupied to notice.
Heba shook her head in disgust as another moronic driver yammering on a cell phone nearly steered into a pedestrian whom the driver was too preoccupied to notice.
When you are walking around the track, do not try to stand your ground against Rohan, who will run you over with the baby carriage and then allow Gertrude, his husky, to nip at your heels.
When you are walking around the track, do not try to stand your ground against Rohan, whom will run you over with the baby carriage and then allow Gertrude, his husky, to nip at your heels.
